Document new without_vulnerability_details option for software versions endpoint (#24246)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

| min_cvss_score | integer | query | _Available in Fleet Premium_. Filters to include only software with vulnerabilities that have a CVSS version 3.x base score higher than the specified value.   |
| max_cvss_score | integer | query | _Available in Fleet Premium_. Filters to only include software with vulnerabilities that have a CVSS version 3.x base score lower than what's specified.   |
| exploit | boolean | query | _Available in Fleet Premium_. If `true`, filters to only include software with vulnerabilities that have been actively exploited in the wild (`cisa_known_exploit: true`). Default is `false`.  |

> | without_vulnerability_details | boolean | query | _Available in Fleet Premium_. If `true` only vulnerability name is included in response. `false` or omitted (only available in Fleet Premium), adds vulnerability description, CVSS score, and other details verbose details. Setting this to `false` using the free tier will not return verbose details. See notes below on performance. |

Reviewer: I think we can simplify this:
```suggestion
| without_vulnerability_details | boolean | query | _Available in Fleet Premium_. If `true` only vulnerability name is included in response. If `false` (or omitted), adds vulnerability description, CVSS score, and other details available in Fleet Premium. See notes below on performance. |
```

> > `without_vulnerability_details` should be set to `true` whenever possible. If set to `false` a large amount of data will be included in the response and this can cause performance issues. If you need vulnerability details consider using the [Get vulnerability](#get-vulnerability) endpoint.

Reviewer: I wonder if we can warn people in a more positive way (make it sound a little less scary to use if you actually need it):
```suggestion
> For optimal performance, we recommend Fleet Premium users set `without_vulnerability_details` to `true` whenever possible. If set to `false` a large amount of data will be included in the response. If you need vulnerability details, consider using the [Get vulnerability](#get-vulnerability) endpoint.
```
